Running a sample
patient_info
Patient information and lab request details are shown along the left
select_analyzers
Select the desired analyzers to be run
tap_run
Tap Run
in_process_display
In-Process column on the Home screen now displays analyzer progress indicators
results_column
Results populate in the Results column as they complete
new_results_popup
New Results pop up will appear in the lower left corner
tap_new_results_popup
Tap the pop up or the desired results in the Results list to view your diagnostic results
results_patient_signalment
On the Results screen, the patient signalment information will be outlined at the top of the screen
diagnostic_results
Diagnostic Results are laid out below
service_category_icons
Tap service category icons to jump directly to viewing a specific service category
historical_results
Historical results for the patient can be accessed along the top by tapping the various dates available
differentials
Differentials containing diagnostic information can be accessed by clicking the ‘book’ icons
add_test
To add further diagnostics for the patient, Tap Add Test
print
Tap the Print icon to print results
tap_to_go_home
Tap the upper left logo to return to the Home screen
creating_clarity
Creating Clarity